docs: add section on HTTP status codes (#6187)
apollographql/apollo-server: docs/source/data/errors.mdx

```
The REDACTED doesn't have sufficient privileges.
```

## HTTP Status Codes

GraphQL, by design, does not use the same conventions from REST to communicate via HTTP verbs and status codes.
Schema implementors should put information the clients need in the schema, or as part of the standard response `errors` field.
If possible, consider using the included [Error Codes](#error-codes) or [Custom Errors](#custom-errors) first before modifying http fields.

> If you need to have custom behavior, you can set the `http` fields on the response via a [plugin](../integrations/plugins).

Reviewer: I'd recommend a small rephrase here for clarity: "You can set custom fields on your HTTP response by using a [plugin](../integrations/plugins)."

> If you need to have custom behavior, you can set the `http` fields on the response via the [Apollo Server plugins](../integrations/plugins).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you need to have custom behavior, you can set the `http` fields on the response via a [plugin](../integrations/plugins).
```

(mostly I didn't like the "the" though)

> Be aware that GraphQL client libraries may not treat all response status codes the same, and so it will be up to your team to decide what patterns are used.

Reviewer: I'd recommend a slight tweak here to avoid past tense language: "to decide what patterns to use."

> As an example, here is how you might set a response header and status code based off the GraphQL errors:

Reviewer: Slight tweak recommend here: "As an example, here is how you could set a custom response header and status code based on a GraphQL error:"

```js
const setHttpPlugin = {
  async requestDidStart() {
    return {
      async willSendResponse({ response }) {
        response.http.headers.set('Custom-Header', 'hello');
        if (response?.errors?.[0]?.message === 'teapot') {

>           response.http.status = 418;

Reviewer 2: Would it be better to only do this if response.http.status is not already set? (Though it might only be set if harsher errors happened like parse errors that aren't likely to lead to response.errors being a thing.)

Author: This is just an example. I checked and the status code will not be set yet for a 200 response. I figured this was clear enough logic that you wouldn't take this literally as code you should use seeing as we are returning [HTTP 418](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/418)

Reviewer 2: OK, hmm. There's a lot of complex stuff going into error handling and status codes and odd codepaths, but I think you're right that *most* of the time it's not going to be set yet.
